1. Share one aspect of building this project you found challenging and how you overcame it.

One aspect of building this project that I found difficult was deciding on how to access my data across modules. For example, since I used an `Item` instance to store each item in the `Menu`, I struggled to correctly retrieve the properties from the instance. I attempted to use getter and setter methods in the `Item` class, but that created more errors than the Reference errors I was receiving. Another way I could have solved this issue was by using an object to store each item's properties in `Menu`, but I avoided this as I wanted to challenge myself and master accessing data across modules and classes/class instances. The way I solved my issue, though, was by creating methods I could then use in `Menu`, like `TotalPrice()` and `viewItem()`, which were used in `Menu.menuView()`. This allowed me to keep the total price and item properties in `Item`, and access and use the properties in `Menu`.

2. Share one technical concept that you gained a deeper understanding of through building this project. Explain that concept in simple terms and explain how it is used in your project.

One concept I gained a deeper understanding of was higher-order array methods, like `.map()`, `.reduce()`, and `.find()`. I felt that before this project, I grasped how and where to use the methods, but felt uncomfortable in using them, so I opted for the familiarity of using loops. I realized very quickly in planning out how I wanted to implement some functionality that using loops would be redundant when I can accomplish the same goal by using HOMs. To summarize, higher-order array methods (HOMs) are functions that can be called on arrays and take in a callback function to produce a result, whether that be a single value or a modified array. In my project, I used HOMs like `.map()` to first convert each `Item` instance into its quantity/price and then `.reduce()` in `Menu.menuView()` to sum together the values to get the total price of the shopping list and the total quantity of all the items. By doing this, it allowed me to display the total items in the shopping list and the total price when using `Menu.menuView()`.   
